# Products And Services

This is about the products and services offered by the solar power company.

## Coverage Areas

This is about the areas covered by the services of the solar power company.

- SolarPower provides solar power installations to California, New Jersey, Florida, New York and six other states.
- SolarPower offers installations of solar power systems in the states of Arizona, Rhode Island, Texas, Illinois and seven other states.
- SolarPower supports installations to more than twenty states such as Massachusetts, Michigan, Missouri, Ohio and many others.

## Advantages of Solar Energy

This is about the advantages of solar energy installations for residential and business properties.

- SolarPower emphasizes that switching to renewable energy sources such as solar power reduces the carbon emissions from fossil fuels and promotes cleaner air.
- SolarPower reiterates that by going solar, homeowners and individuals will have energy independence, without worrying about the rising electricity rates and unpredictable power outages.
- SolarPower explains that using solar power is a practical, cost effective and reliable alternative to the current electricity generation services.
- SolarPower assures homeowners and businesses that solar power is a worthwhile investment that will maximize their savings and enable them to generate their own electricity.

## Solar Power Plans and Packages

This is about the solar power plans and packages offered by the solar power company.

- SolarPower allows their clients the option of purchasing the solar panels one time without any monthly payment.
- SolarPower offers maintenance options and warranty for the solar panel and installation.
- SolarPower offers batteries and home backup power installations to homeowners who frequently encounter power outages and blackouts.
- SolarPower offers homeowners to avail of theSolarPower’s E System which generates more electrical power with less consumed space and minimal design.

## Additional Services

This is about the additional services offered by the solar power company.

- SolarPower offers Battery & Storage Installation so that clients will be able to store the extra energy generated by their solar panel array for use during times of need when solar energy is unreliable such as during cloudy days.
- SolarPower offers Solar Panel System Inspection Services wherein a certified solar panel technician will conduct a full evaluation of your solar power system, including checking the panels and electrical systems and wiring.
- SolarPower offers Roof Leak Repair Under Solar Panels to ensure that any roof damage or leaks are addressed quickly so as not to damage the solar panels.