# About the Crypto Wallet Company

This is about the company’s founders, commitments, investors, partners and jobs

## Background information

This is about background information, establishment and history

- CryptoWallet started in 2012 with the radical idea that anyone, anywhere, should be able to easily and securely send and receive Bitcoin.
- CryptoWallet is the world’s first keyless crypto wallet, keeping all the security features of blockchain technology but making the keys invisible and unnecessary to store and use.
- CryptoWallet is now widely used by more than 90 million active verified users, 10,000+ institutions and more than 200,000 partners around the world, providing them with an easy and secure way to invest, spend and earn cryptocurrencies.

## Vision and Mission

This is about the crypto wallet company’s business ethics, values, vision and mission

- CryptoWallet’s mission is to end financial exclusion and break the barriers of complexity by building the most accessible and safest wallet service that enables anyone to thrive in the digital economy.
- CryptoWallet’s vision is to accelerate the world’s transition to cryptocurrency.
- CryptoWallet’s goal is to remove the geek requirement and make it fun and easy to learn and use cryptocurrency.

## Leadership

This is about the people leading and managing CryptoWallet

- Kamden Adaline is the Co-Founder & Chief Executive Officer of CryptoWallet, guiding the company in its path towards its vision of making cryptocurrency available and accessible to everyone.
- The Co-Founder and COO of CryptoWallet is Sara Leblanc, who is in-charge of managing the daily administrative and operational functions of the company.
- The CFO of CryptoWallet is Kathryn Maxwell, responsible for overseeing all the financial operations of the company.

## Investors

This is about the crypto wallet’s investment information, news and status.

- CryptoWallet will be holding its virtual Annual Meeting of Stockholders 2022 on June 29, 2022.
- CryptoWallet, a leading non-custodial (where users own their private keys) cryptocurrency wallet, has recently announced its support of Non-Fungible Tokens.
- CryptoWallet’s NFTs are integrated into the mobile app available for iOS and Android.
- CryptoWallet recently announced the First Quarter 2022 Financial Results to its investors and stockholders.

## Affiliates

This is about the affiliate programs of the crypto wallet company

- After joining and being accepted to CryptoWallet’s affiliate program, the individual will get access to promotional assets and Impact tracking software.
- Writers, creators and publishers can become affiliates of CryptoWallet and monetize their content and help grow the crypto community.
- As an affiliate of CryptoWallet, individuals should introduce CryptoWallet to his/her community and get paid and receive additional perks in return such as eligibility for VIP fan experiences through partnerships with brands such as BrandX, BrandY, BrandZ and many more.

## Partners

This is about the brand partners of the crypto wallet company.

- CryptoWallet seeks to broaden its engagement across Australia through AFL Partnerships.
- ​​CryptoWallet launched its Crypto Brand Campaign starring Kamden Adaline to air in 20+ countries through recent sponsorships including BrandA, BrandB, BrandC and more.
- CryptoWallet creates first-of-its-kind NFT Collection generated by the speed and sound from the ABC Grand Prix.

## Careers

This is about the job opportunities offered by the crypto wallet company.

- CryptoWallet uses an interview-based approach which usually takes 3-5 weeks, consisting of interviews, skill evaluation and trial assignment.
- CryptoWallet is currently looking for a Mobile Software Engineer Team Leader who will lead a team of mobile engineers responsible for integrating, measuring and optimizing new technologies developed by the team and by the back-end and cryptography teams into CryptoWallet.
- CryptoWallet offers remote work for many roles, company sponsored holidays, team building activities, learning and development programs and many other perks and benefits.